docs: Open every Cloud concept page with a reason to care (#593)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: cloud_docs/02-concepts/01-deployments.md

# Deployments

> Every code change you ship to Serverpod Cloud goes through a deployment. A deployment is one running version of your Serverpod app; every `scloud deploy` rolls out a new version, and Cloud serves the most recent successful one, so subsequent deploys move your app forward automatically.

Reviewer: This is still weak as an opener and also a bit fuzzy to me.

Perhaps something like: 

```suggestion
When you ship a code change to Serverpod Cloud, `scloud deploy` builds and rolls out a new version of your server. Cloud switches traffic automatically to the latest successful deploy, keeping the previous one live if a build fails.
```
